GAME IDEAS AND SHIT:

THEME - MINIMALISM

Title - ???

VOID

Minimalism describes movements in various forms of art and design, especially visual art and 
music, where the work is set out to expose the essence or identity of a subject through eliminating all non-essential 
forms, features or concepts. Minimalism is any design or style in which the simplest and fewest elements are used to create the maximum effect.

Black background, no ground tiles. Easy enough.
Player sprite is a colored block. Even easier.

Goal?

"Eliminate all non-essential forms, features or concepts." That's a pretty good goal.

Black screen filled with clusters of 16 x 16 blocks of color with associated numbers. The goal is to shave down the numbers from the highest number
to zero in which the black screen replaces the 16 X 16 block.

Need to figure out some kind of mechanic other than just gliding over the blocks that would be a fun way of eliminating the colored squares.

Highest number is 10. Each number has an associated color.
10 - Pink
9 - Red
8 - Orange
7 - Yellow
6 - Green 
5 - Light Blue
4 - Dark Blue
3 - Purple
2 - Brown
1 - Gray
0 - Black

Maybe don't have a player figure. Make the game based on clicking. Make it some kind of number association game that requires some 
minesweeper-esque problem solving.

Left click builds up the stack. Ex: Left-clicking a 9 block will make it a 10 block.

Right click, under certain conditions, takes down a stack. Ex: Right-clicking a 5 block makes it 4 block.

Make it so you incentivize not having to left click. Left-clicking should be a last resource to taking the cluster of blocks down to nothing.
Left clicking a block will then decrease your score by 10 points. *Arbitrary number that will probably be changed later after some testing*
Right clicking a block will increase your score by 5 points. *Same deal*

Goal is to rid the space of all color and achieve the highest score possible while doing so.

Conditions for being able to take a block down a number:
	The surrounding four blocks must be within 1 of the center block.
	
This requires the player to make choices about how they want to build up/break down the cluster of blocks.
It will require a certain level of strategy to know how much you want to sacrifice your score for the ultimate
pay off of taking down the cluster and getting points that way.

Maybe increase your score by 10 points for every time you take it from 1 to 0.

White/Creme background.

Once the game is completed, regardless of the score, write the text "Purity achieved" to the black screen. Maybe have it animate or something.

TileMap size is 25 wide and 18 tall.

Potential post Ludum Dare change to gameplay: 
1. Change the goal to be that every time you change the tiles to being in a cross-shape, an east-west line, or a north south line you fully eliminate those tiles and 
get points according to a) the number on the tiles (Higher is better) and b) according to which shape you achieved (cross is most, lines are least).